docs: Reverse release dates table and clarify about Helm, Kustomize and Go upgrades (#27892)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/developer-guide/release-process-and-cadence.md

CVEs in dependencies will be patched for all supported versions if the CVE is applicable and is assessed by Snyk to be
of high or critical severity. Automation generates a [new Snyk scan weekly](../snyk/index.md).

### Upgrading Helm and Kustomize

> When starting to work on a new Argo CD minor release, the bundled Helm and Kustomize need to be [upgraded](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/blob/master/hack/tool-versions.sh) to the latest available version. Please note that sometimes an upgrade to those versions results in breaking changes that need to be addressed on Argo CD side and documented in this Argo CD version upgrade instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When starting to work on a new Argo CD minor release, the bundled Helm and Kustomize need to be [upgraded](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/blob/master/hack/tool-versions.sh) to the latest available version. Please note that sometimes an upgrade to those versions results in breaking changes that need to be addressed on Argo CD side and documented in this [Argo CD version upgrade instructions](../operator-manual/upgrading/overview.md).
```
nit: How about adding a link to the upgrade overview doc?
Otherwise LGTM!

### Upgrading Go version that Argo CD uses

When starting to work on a new Argo CD minor release, the Go version needs to be upgraded to the latest available version, in the following places:   

- [Dockerfile](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/tree/master/Dockerfile)   
- [test/remote/Dockerfile](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/tree/master/test/remote/Dockerfile)   
- [test/container/Dockerfile](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/tree/master/test/container/Dockerfile)   
- [Dockerfile.tilt](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/tree/master/Dockerfile.tilt)   
- CI - all GitHub workflows that have `GOLANG_VERSION` or `go-version` set   

All the above affect the Go version that Argo CD is built with and that is shipped in the Argo CD image. Also, those are the relevant places to change when we need to cherry-pick bumps of Go version to the previous Argo CD releases, for security reasons.

> Please note that Go version in `go.mod` files should only be bumped if we wanna use new language features in this Go version. If using the new language features is not required at this point in time, we should leave the `go.mod` version as is, even after bumping it in CI and in the Docker files, in order to not force Argo CD library users to upgrade their Go versions upon upgrading Argo CD.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that Go version in `go.mod` files should only be bumped if we want to use new language features in this Go version. If using the new language features is not required at this point in time, we should leave the `go.mod` version as is, even after bumping it in CI and in the Dockerfiles, in order to not force Argo CD library users to upgrade their Go versions upon upgrading Argo CD.
```
